feat: [AIDX-130] add notification channel settings content updates (#189)
auth0/docs-v2: auth4genai/intro/asynchronous-authorization.mdx

  </Step>
</Steps>

## User consent and Notification Channel Selection

When sending the backchannel authorization request, Auth0 must decide the appropriate notification channel when reaching the user for approval. These are the currently available options (in order of preference):

> 1. **MFA Push Notification**: Challenge MFA Push factor which sends a push notification to the user's enrolled device. Authentication and authorization happens in the device that received the notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **MFA push notification**: Sends a push notification to the user's enrolled mobile device. Authentication and authorization happen in the device that received the notification.
```

> 2. **Email**: Sends an email to a verified address associated to the user. The email contains a link and authentication & authorization happens in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Email**: Sends an email to a verified address associated to the user. The email contains a link and authentication & authorization happens in the browser.

By default, Auth0 uses and recommends Guardian push notifications for CIBA flows. Guardian push notifications are more secure than other channels, such as email, which can be vulnerable to phishing attacks. You have to explicitly enable email notifications for CIBA flows.
```

<Note>

> **Enterprise Feature:** Email notifications for asynchronous authorization are now available for Enterprise plans.

Reviewer: pretty sure this is an add-on

</Note>

> The selection logic of the channel will be by the order in the list above. However, there are factors that may influence the decision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The notification channel Auth0 uses may also be influenced by the following factors:
```

- The **Auth0 client's notification channel**: within the Auth0 application details screen, notification channels can be enabled or disabled for asynchronous authorization requests. These will configure the client's `async_approval_notification_channels` array setting. Currently available options are `guardian-push` and `email`.
- **Requested expiry**: when the agent's backend specifies a *requested expiry* greater than 5 minutes, MFA Push notification becomes a non-eligible option.

> - **MFA configuration at the tenant level**: a MFA Push Notification channel must be configured for the tenant for this notification channel to be selected. See more details [here](https://auth0.com/docs/secure/multi-factor-authentication/auth0-guardian#enroll-in-push-notifications) about configuring your tenant to use Auth0 Guardian with push notifications. (***note***: *only the Auth0 Guardian push factor is supported at this time.*)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **MFA configuration at the tenant level**: To enable the MFA push notification channel for a client application, you must configure MFA push notifications for the tenant. To learn more about configuring your tenant to use Auth0 Guardian with push notifications, read [Enroll in push notifications](https://auth0.com/docs/secure/multi-factor-authentication/auth0-guardian#enroll-in-push-notifications). ***Note***: Only the Auth0 Guardian push factor is supported at this time.
```

- **User's enrolled authenticators**: if the user is not enrolled to use an MFA push authenticator, the current behavior is to fallback to Email instead of rejecting the request.
- **User's email verification status**: if the user's email is not verified, we assume sending emails to an unverified email address is not desired, and the request will be rejected.

> You can read more about the notification channel selection in the [Configure Client-Initiated Backchannel Authentication](https://auth0.com/docs/get-started/applications/configure-client-initiated-backchannel-authentication) documentation.

Author: are we planning to also enhance this page or any others related to CIBA within Auth0 docs for this @lrzhou25 ?

> 

Reviewer: maybe just linking to auth0 docs would be enough for the flow diagram
